Add the introduction of emitters for sdk clients. (#5663)
microsoft/typespec: website/src/content/docs/docs/emitters/sdk-clients/introduction.mdx

---
title: SDK client emitters
---

import { Aside, Steps } from "@astrojs/starlight/components";

> ## How to Use Client Emitters to Generate SDK from TypeSpec

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to Use Emitters to Generate HTTP Clients from TypeSpec
```

See my point? I think we should avoid using SDK at all in the page.

### Introduction

> This guide will walk you through the process of using different client emitters (JavaScript, Python, Java, .NET) to generate SDKs from TypeSpec. Please note that all client emitters are currently in **preview** and are subject to changes in future versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through the process of using different client emitters (JavaScript, Python, Java, .NET) to generate HTTP clients from TypeSpec. Please note that all client emitters are currently in **preview** and are subject to changes in future versions.
```
